hello there well whoever's dressing room
this is they're obviously very into
current events and news take a look down
here they got the Daily Mail here The
Times the mirror the Sun so who do you
think there's a lot of reading it's pink
hair gel look at that you do the trick
these are actually swarovski solid
crystal rhinestones very expensive and
very difficult to put on we have here
don'ts for dancers written in 1925 to
walk well don't hold yourself rigidly
but stand quite naturally with a
straight back chest expanded don't hunch
your shoulders don't thrust out your
chin I'll keep your head down and don't
stiffen your arms alright got it so who
dresses in a room like this it's over
you